Software License Agreement for HyperSnap-DX.

This is a legal agreement between you and Hyperionics Technologies, Inc.  
covering your use of HyperSnap-DX (the "Software").  Be sure to read the 
following agreement before using the Software.  BY USING THE SOFTWARE 
(REGARDLESS IF YOU HAVE REGISTERED THE SOFTWARE OR NOT), 
YOU ARE AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT
USE THE SOFTWARE AND DESTROY ALL COPIES IN YOUR POSSESSION.  

The Software is owned by Hyperionics Technology, LLC and is protected by 
United States copyright laws and international treaty provisions.  
Therefore, you must treat the Software like any other copyrighted material 
(e.  g., a book or musical recording).  Paying a single user license fee 
allows you the right to use one copy of the Software on a single computer.  
You may not network the Software or otherwise use it or make it available 
for use on more than one computer at the same time.  Corporate customers 
with multi-user network licenses should undertake a reasonable effort to 
make sure that the total number of concurrent users within their 
organization does not exceed their license user limit.  You may not rent 
or lease the Software, nor may you modify, adapt, translate, reverse 
engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Software.  If you violate any part 
of this agreement, your right to use this Software terminates 
automatically and you must then destroy all copies of the Software in your 
possession.  

The Software and its related documentation are provided "AS IS" and 
without warranty of any kind and Hyperionics Technology expressly 
disclaims all other warranties, expressed or implied, including, but not 
limited to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a 
particular purpose.  Under no circumstances shall Hyperionics Technology 
be liable for any incidental, special, or consequential damages that 
result from the use or inability to use the Software or related 
documentation, even if Hyperionics Technology has been advised of the 
possibility of such damages.  In no event shall Hyperionics Technology' 
liability exceed the license fee paid, if any.  

This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of 
Pennsylvania.  If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds 
any provision of the Agreement, or portion thereof, to be unenforceable, 
that provision of the Agreement shall be enforced to the maximum extent 
permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties, and the remainder 
of this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect.  

The Software and documentation is provided with RESTRICTED RIGHTS.  Use, 
duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to restrictions as 
set forth in subdivision (b)( 3)( ii) of the ASPR Rights in Technical Data 
and Computer Software clause as 252.  227- 7013.  Manufacturer is: 
Hyperionics Technology, 3146 Chestnut Drive, Murrysville, PA 15668, USA, 
info@hyperionics.com.  

Copyright (C) 1995-2004 by Hyperionics Technology, LLC.  All rights 
reserved.  Hyperionics, HyperSnap-DX, HyperCam and FileBox eXtender are 
trademarks of Hyperionics Technology, LLC.  


